In Service Operations Workspace,
applied filters are managed through the Filter Panel.
Open the Filter Panel to see exactly how the list is being filtered.
To change your filter conditions,
click Advanced View at the bottom of the panel.
From here,
you can modify existing conditions or add new ones using AND
and OR operators to get the view of records you need.
Once you've made your changes,
click Update to apply the new filter conditions.
These changes apply only to your current view of the list.
If you want to keep this view,
you can save it as a personal list.
Otherwise,
the default list view can be restored at any time by reopening the Filter Panel,
then clicking Restore Defaults.